Add prometheus rolebinding (#68)
rhobs/handbook: content/Products/OpenshiftMonitoring/collecting_metrics.md

The workflow is:
* Add the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label to the namespace where the scraped targets live.
  * **Important: only OCP core components and Red Hat certified operators can set this label on namespaces.**

> * Add Role and RoleBinding to give prometheus-k8s service user access to your namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add Role and RoleBinding to give the prometheus-k8s service account access to pods, endpoints and services in your namespace.
```
